README.md, before:

Welcome to Edwin's GitHub repository!


**Directory - FirstFullWebsiteEdwin**

To access this website online, go to: https://pingu03.pythonanywhere.com/

To activate it on your local computer...

0. Download this project
1. Enter the FirstFullWebsite directory
2. (Optionally) create a virtual environment with Python: "py -m venv FirstFullWebsiteEdwin"
3. Activate the virtual environment: "FirstFullWebsiteEdwin\Scripts\activate.bat"
4. Run the server locally: "python manage.py runserver #PORTNUMBER". #PORTNUMBER may be 8001, for
example
If you have any issues with step 4, it is probably due to import faults. In this case, you must
import them. E.g., "py -m pip install Django".

NOTE: These instructions work on Windows. If you do not use Windows, use the analogous commands for these steps.

To use the website, you have two options
1. Use the already-made account
2. Register a new account

Already made account
- Username: fake
- Password: fakePass

**Directory - Leetcode**

My attempts and notes for the Neetcode 150 course (a curated list of 150 LeetCode problems) are located here, arranged by pattern. 

**Unmentioned directories**

Generally, all other content is my own practise. Feel free to peruse, maybe you'll find an Easter egg!

Commit message:

Introducing Arete Technologies site in README.md

README.md, after:

Welcome to Edwin's GitHub repository!

**Directory - AreteTechnologiesSite**
This project contains an ASP.NET Core project. 

To activate it on your local computer
0. Download this project
1. Open the Visual Studio project
2. Click run or hit F5

**Directory - FirstFullWebsiteEdwin**

To access this website online, go to: https://pingu03.pythonanywhere.com/

To activate it on your local computer...

0. Download this project
1. Enter the FirstFullWebsite directory
2. (Optionally) create a virtual environment with Python: "py -m venv FirstFullWebsiteEdwin"
3. Activate the virtual environment: "FirstFullWebsiteEdwin\Scripts\activate.bat"
4. Run the server locally: "python manage.py runserver #PORTNUMBER". #PORTNUMBER may be 8001, for
example
If you have any issues with step 4, it is probably due to import faults. In this case, you must
import them. E.g., "py -m pip install Django".

NOTE: These instructions work on Windows. If you do not use Windows, use the analogous commands for these steps.

To use the website, you have two options
1. Use the already-made account
2. Register a new account

Already made account
- Username: fake
- Password: fakePass

**Directory - Leetcode**

My attempts and notes for the Neetcode 150 course (a curated list of 150 LeetCode problems) are located here, arranged by pattern. 

**Unmentioned directories**

Generally, all other content is my own practise. Feel free to peruse, maybe you'll find an Easter egg!
